README.md, before:

# Saucers
a repo dedicated to holding data and solving the "hot saucers" puzzles for Fortnite Season 7.

## installation:

### dependencies:
- rust
- cargo (comes with rust)

### actually installing:
- clone repo
- change dir into repo
- execute a `cargo run` in the directory
  - default output binary gets tossed into target/debug/\<binary>

## current puzzle being worked on here:
  - someting similar to Destiny 2's "corridors of time" puzzle. hexagons have been littered in with all of our other Mari outputs, and have a center value, 6 sides which can be OPEN(true) or CLOSED(false). each side has a set of 3 LETTERS(tags 1-3), and the goal is first to align these edge tags together, effectively "locking" them together like a jigsaw puzzle piece. after that, we (supposedly) trace lines through the open sides and end up with a path that intersects the numbers (center values), which i'd imagine is some sort of encoded string we would then need to submit once it's been decoded

## what it do, though?
- more of an engine at the moment; currently grabs tag values nicely. (right now it's set to output the first tag of the first edge of the first tile, which is mapped to "a".)
  - example can be found in `tile.json` for data input.
  - data input is based on this scheme, read from the top of a hexagon clockwise.
  ![example tile data legend](example_tags_and_edge_booleans.png)
  <sub>image credit: ParkCity/Blake G., deriv. of content from Epic Games | based on mari's "we'll get more tomorrow" post from the Fortnite Official discord on June 6th.</sub>

  <br>

  - `tile.json`
    ```json
    {
        "tile_center": "5",
        "tile_edges": {
            "edge_a": {
                "is_open": true,
                "tag": {
                    "tag_1": "a",
                    "tag_2": "b",
                    "tag_3": "c"
                }
            },
            "edge_b": {
                "is_open": false,
                "tag": {
                    "tag_1": "a",
                    "tag_2": "d",
                    "tag_3": "b"
                }
            },
            "edge_c": {
                "is_open": false,
                "tag": {
                    "tag_1": "c",
                    "tag_2": "b",
                    "tag_3": "b"
                }
            },
            "edge_d": {
                "is_open": true,
                "tag": {
                    "tag_1": "c",
                    "tag_2": "d",
                    "tag_3": "c"
                }
            },
            "edge_e": {
                "is_open": false,
                "tag": {
                    "tag_1": "b",
                    "tag_2": "f",
                    "tag_3": "f"
                }
            },
            "edge_f": {
                "is_open": false,
                "tag": {
                    "tag_1": "a",
                    "tag_2": "f",
                    "tag_3": "c"
                }
            }
        }
    }
    ```
<sub>neither i nor any involved with the operations of this repository are affilliates with the Fortnite Franchise, Epic, or any related subsidiaries. all art and related IP of the aforementioned Franchise(s), Compan(ies) and Subsidiar(ies) belongs to it's respectful owner(s). </sub>

Commit message:

push wrap-up message, prepare to archive

README.md, after:

# Saucers (complete)
\[SOLVED! had a blast guys!]
a repo dedicated to holding data and solving the "hot saucers" puzzles for Fortnite Season 7.

## installation:

### dependencies:
- rust
- cargo (comes with rust)

### actually installing:
- clone repo
- change dir into repo
- execute a `cargo run` in the directory
  - default output binary gets tossed into target/debug/\<binary>

## current puzzle being worked on here:
  - someting similar to Destiny 2's "corridors of time" puzzle. hexagons have been littered in with all of our other Mari outputs, and have a center value, 6 sides which can be OPEN(true) or CLOSED(false). each side has a set of 3 LETTERS(tags 1-3), and the goal is first to align these edge tags together, effectively "locking" them together like a jigsaw puzzle piece. after that, we (supposedly) trace lines through the open sides and end up with a path that intersects the numbers (center values)~~, which i'd imagine is some sort of encoded string we would then need to submit once it's been decoded~~
  i appear to be mildly off track, as per:
  ![map image](Capture.png)
  the map here was patched together, revealing a fortnite island join code
  ![mari response](creative_response.png)
  the island contained further info, which led to the wrap-up. great work!
  ![mari final response](last_reality.png)

## Long term cooridors-like puzzle solution
- more of an engine at the moment; currently grabs tag values nicely. (right now it's set to output the first tag of the first edge of the first tile, which is mapped to "a".)
  - example can be found in `tile.json` for data input.
  - data input is based on this scheme, read from the top of a hexagon clockwise.
  ![example tile data legend](example_tags_and_edge_booleans.png)
  <sub>image credit: ParkCity/Blake G., deriv. of content from Epic Games | based on mari's "we'll get more tomorrow" post from the Fortnite Official discord on June 6th.</sub>

  <br>

  - `tile.json`
    ```json
    {
        "tile_id":"",
        "tile_center": "5",
        "tile_edges": {
            "edge_a": {
                "is_open": true,
                "tag": {
                    "tag_1": "a",
                    "tag_2": "b",
                    "tag_3": "c"
                }
            },
            "edge_b": {
                "is_open": false,
                "tag": {
                    "tag_1": "a",
                    "tag_2": "d",
                    "tag_3": "b"
                }
            },
            "edge_c": {
                "is_open": false,
                "tag": {
                    "tag_1": "c",
                    "tag_2": "b",
                    "tag_3": "b"
                }
            },
            "edge_d": {
                "is_open": true,
                "tag": {
                    "tag_1": "c",
                    "tag_2": "d",
                    "tag_3": "c"
                }
            },
            "edge_e": {
                "is_open": false,
                "tag": {
                    "tag_1": "b",
                    "tag_2": "f",
                    "tag_3": "f"
                }
            },
            "edge_f": {
                "is_open": false,
                "tag": {
                    "tag_1": "a",
                    "tag_2": "f",
                    "tag_3": "c"
                }
            }
        }
    }
    ```
<sub>neither i nor any involved with the operations of this repository are affilliates with the Fortnite Franchise, Epic, or any related subsidiaries. all art and related IP of the aforementioned Franchise(s), Compan(ies) and Subsidiar(ies) belongs to it's respectful owner(s). </sub>
